README.md, before:

# GJS TypeScript Template

A modern template for building GTK applications using GJS (GNOME JavaScript) and TypeScript.

## Features

- **TypeScript Support**: Full type safety with `@girs` type definitions.
- **Modern GJS**: Uses ESM modules (`import`/`export`) and `gi://` imports.
- **GObject Inheritance**: Clean class-based component structure.
- **GTK 4**: Set up for GTK 4 development.

## Prerequisites

- `gjs` (1.70+ recommended)
- `npm` or `yarn`

## Getting Started

1.  **Install dependencies:**

    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

2.  **Compile TypeScript:**

    ```bash
    npm run build
    # OR manually:
    npx tsc
    ```

3.  **Run the application:**
    ```bash
    npm start
    # OR manually:
    ./dist/app.js
    ```

## CSS Styling

- **Global Styles**: Located in `src/styles/main.css`. Loaded automatically by `src/init.ts`.
- **Per-Component Styles**: You can create CSS files next to your TypeScript components. Load them using the helper:
    ```typescript
    import { loadCss } from '../utils/css.js';
    
    // In your component
    loadCss('./MyComponent.css', import.meta.url);
    ```
- **Asset Copying**: The build script automatically copies all non-TypeScript files (CSS, images, UI definitions) from `src/` to `dist/`, preserving the directory structure.

## Development

- **Watch Mode**: Automatically recompile TypeScript on changes.
    ```bash
    npm run watch
    ```
    *Note: If you modify `style.css`, you need to manually copy it to `dist/` or restart the build.*

- **Linting**: Check code for errors.
    ```bash
    npm run lint
    ```

- **Formatting**: Auto-format code.
    ```bash
    npm run format
    ```

## Packaging

To create a distribution build with a self-installing runner:

```bash
npm run package
```

This creates a `release/` directory containing the compiled application and a `start.sh` script. The script checks for GJS and attempts to install it if missing.

## Project Structure

- `app.ts`: Main application entry point (TypeScript).
- `dist/`: Compiled JavaScript output.
- `ambient.d.ts`: Ambient type declarations for GJS environments.
- `tsconfig.json`: TypeScript configuration.

## License

MIT

Commit message:

Add Hot Reload support via nodemon and concurrently

README.md, after:

# GJS TypeScript Template

A modern template for building GTK applications using GJS (GNOME JavaScript) and TypeScript.

## Features

- **TypeScript Support**: Full type safety with `@girs` type definitions.
- **Modern GJS**: Uses ESM modules (`import`/`export`) and `gi://` imports.
- **GObject Inheritance**: Clean class-based component structure.
- **GTK 4**: Set up for GTK 4 development.

## Prerequisites

- `gjs` (1.70+ recommended)
- `npm` or `yarn`

## Getting Started

1.  **Install dependencies:**

    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

2.  **Compile TypeScript:**

    ```bash
    npm run build
    # OR manually:
    npx tsc
    ```

3.  **Run the application:**
    ```bash
    npm start
    # OR manually:
    ./dist/app.js
    ```

## CSS Styling

- **Global Styles**: Located in `src/styles/main.css`. Loaded automatically by `src/init.ts`.
- **Per-Component Styles**: You can create CSS files next to your TypeScript components. Load them using the helper:
    ```typescript
    import { loadCss } from '../utils/css.js';
    
    // In your component
    loadCss('./MyComponent.css', import.meta.url);
    ```
- **Asset Copying**: The build script automatically copies all non-TypeScript files (CSS, images, UI definitions) from `src/` to `dist/`, preserving the directory structure.

## Development

- **Hot Reload (Recommended)**: Automatically compiles TypeScript, copies assets, and restarts the app on changes.
    ```bash
    npm run dev
    # OR
    npm run watch
    ```

- **Linting**: Check code for errors.
    ```bash
    npm run lint
    ```

- **Formatting**: Auto-format code.
    ```bash
    npm run format
    ```

## Packaging

To create a distribution build with a self-installing runner:

```bash
npm run package
```

This creates a `release/` directory containing the compiled application and a `start.sh` script. The script checks for GJS and attempts to install it if missing.

## Project Structure

- `app.ts`: Main application entry point (TypeScript).
- `dist/`: Compiled JavaScript output.
- `ambient.d.ts`: Ambient type declarations for GJS environments.
- `tsconfig.json`: TypeScript configuration.

## License

MIT
